# School_District_Analysis

# Overview of the school district analysis:
  In our School District Analysis we wanted to understand how removing potentially disingenuous grades would affect our overall spread of passing/failing averages. We were also given large amounts of data in other subsets that would allow us to provide feedback to the school board on how funding, school size, and school types (District or Charter) affects grade averages.

# School Metrics
- District summary: The District summary was interesting as it showed that less than 70% of the overall student population were passing math and reading. This was even after our analysis. The overall passing value (Math & Reading) wasn't too drastically affected by our removal of the 9th grade Thomas High School Class, only showing a change of around 0.2-0.3%. This is too be expected though as that is one class from one of 15 schools. 
- School Summary: Again, like the district summary, it is hard to have one school provide a large affect on a data pool consisting of 15 schools. Although, if it was a competition to see who has the highest overall passing numbers, then it does provide significant changes. 
- How does replacing the ninth graders’ math and reading scores affect Thomas High School’s performance relative to the other schools? It skewed it down. 
- How does replacing the ninth-grade scores affect the following:
- Replacing the 9th grade scores made small changes to a few different fields. It skewed slightly the math and reading scores by grade down, as we deleted grades that were below the curve and then were left with the 10-12th grade scores which were above the averages. When organizing the schools by spending we put Thomas High School into the "$630-644" group, this means they were spending that amount per student. There were four schools in total in this category and by removing the 9th graders scores it skewed all of these schools averages slightly down. When organizing the school size analysis Thomas High School was placed in the medium (1000-2000 students) category. There were five schools in total in this category and, again, it skewed the overall passing percentage slightly down. The same was the result for the school district analysis - all of the charter schools were hurt by having slightly lower overall passing percentages. 

# Summary Statement
"Summary: Summarize four changes in the updated school district analysis after reading and math scores for the ninth grade at Thomas High School have been replaced with NaNs."
This is stupid, literally just did this above. Just like the rest of this whole challenge, literally repeating myself over and over again. Here's the statement: Replacing the 9th grade scores at Thomas High School provided four changes in the updated school district analysis, these four changes were, lower overall passing percentage for the school, lower overall passing percentage for the Charter schools, lower overall passing percentage for the $630-644 spending per student category, and wow, you guessed it, a slightly lower overall passing percentage for the medium size schools. How about a more nuanced summary question that looks at the differences in the spending category and how it affects students grades? Do charter schools perform better than district schools? All of the interesting data in this challenge is completely overlooked. Glad I could help Maria see that the Overall Passing percentage at Thomas High School went from 90.9% to 90.6%, I'm sure there is a ton she can do with that. 
